Elon 😷 ki ma ka bhos*d*
Very Bad My side suggestion never anyone.
"Less than 24 hrs in Elon Musk's control, and the app is now a cesspool of racism and hatred. Would give 0 stars, were that an option."
Social apps are degrading the world.
Bad bad experience....when I report a person's account for violation of rules and bad word they didn't block his account..but when I reply him with same words he report my account then they blocked my account just because the person reported my account was a muslim. And everyone afraid of them..shame on you . Aaaa thooooo🤮
Terrible. I made a Twitter over a decade ago. I do not remember the name of was associated to but I have the correct email. There's no way to get passed this because I can't remember the user ID. I can't make another account because it says the two emails I use are taken... Help!
Can't open this app with new email
Past 2 year I was not able to recover my account i contact CC more but no response total waste
A toxic hellhole about to get worse
On Nov 7 I'm not going pay for a free app
Shocking amount of racial slurs in the last few days.
Pls Clear the bug. Repeated tweets come again again.
Elon musk and his conspiracy theories pissed me off and he's lost my vote of confidence.
"Why every time I try to sign up. It says ""Can't Complete Sign up right now"" or something. It's literally my first time using this. I tried my phone number. I tried my email. Nothing even worked. I"
Loude ka app h bsdk
"A horrible app for horrible people, moderated by the stupid."
Hi twitter team I'm Ashish Kumar Singh My account @AshishSingh016 is hacked bcz i clicked some link on Instagram and lost my access to the account and i only had phone number attached to the account since then my account name and phone number is changed i can't login my account plz help me Worst security No msg Nothing I lost my account please help me recover my account
It is not loading
The weird micromanaging of content moderation by the new CEO in election and misinformation is concerning which runs counter to his claim of creating a moderation council which seems to be made up of himself
"Horrible experience, flooded with racist and anti-semitic messages on this platform, it should be removed from the play store."
"Not showing tweets from people I follow, and instead it keeps showing me those from whom other people follow or they like. Stop doing this, or at least give me an option to stop those irrelevant tweets."
"Twitter was already a dumpster fire before Musk took over, but he seems to want things to be even worse"
"The app doesnot work at all and because of this I wrongly thought that my account was stolled,but the reality is the resent update today crashing the app!"
Complete trash app. With Musk now owner there will be more bs fake news that spreads like election lies and anything that comes out of trumps mouth. A supporter of his means I will never install this app again.
Banned for good clean jokes
Hilariously bad 👎
Farmer
F*** off alone mask
"Playback Error on every video, even after reinstall and permission to files Also always running the feed up without me asking for it"
Hell of the internet
New management and going downhill
Lol u installing. Not supporting Elon.
The new cesspool for racists and bigots. Terrible app that shouldn't even be on the Play Store
Worst
I use this app a lot and it bothers me how profile pictures are pixelated as well as pictures on the timeline. You have to click on it and enlarge the picture to see it in HD. Checked it on mobile web and it was all good – no pixelation whatsoever. A bit buggy too in terms of audio from a previous video playing even though I'm already on a different tweet. Embedding videos are way harder now. I hope these can be fixed soon. :(
bro why most of my priv account have twitter circles but on my main acc doesn't have one???? n no matter how i update this app it still won't work!!!
When reading tweet it suddenly disappears
Owned by a literal slave-owner
Lags...
"You have one owner.,so u can't grow..."
Became a puppet because of its biased policies
Hate-filled accounts & Musk purchased. All good people needs to delete Twitter now.
👎🏻
I deleted this app because the owner is going to allow hateful rhetoric and hate speech on the platform and I will not support it.
"It sucks, i can't open the app. This always ends up with the app closing itself and I can't use it."
Absolute rubbish
Musk is a racist and has destroyed a good platform
My friend who is also on a z fold 3 can not download because it's not supported
"#QuitTwitterNow Elon Musk is a pathetic crybaby, No billionaire propaganda thanks."
Became more hateful the moment musk bought it.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
