Elon musky sucks
They never fixed the issue where images would not load
has been so bad since musk took over can't even say it's a one star
Technical Issues
Good App
😡😡😡😡
It's trash now ty Elon musk
Nothing useful to see on twitter. It's full of old geezers pretending to be relevant in their old age.
App deleted. Elon Musk isn't worth me keeping the app. He'll run Twitter into the ground
Experience
The best thing I have ever done was delete this app- the communities are awful and it breaks constantly.
For a brief time was the best anti-corp weapon.
What the problem with the updates it's not updating any app.
Twitter is a mess rn
they keep locking my accounts randomly when i barely tweet and never violate the rules.. also elon sucks
Musk not respect Indian don't install Twitter
When I try to login or sign up it dosen't send me any code by sms or phone calls and the most disappointing matter is when I try to get the code few more times it told me that I've hit the limit for getting sms.
Good
The people i dont follow keep showing in my timeline. It is annoying. I don't even interested in the topic.
Very nice
Elon bought it and the Titanic has been sinking ever since I am simply here playing violin
"The app has now devolved into a massive mess with mass bans, misinformation, and constant horrific commentary by the new owner. Everything is going great at twitter but still feels the need to lay off over half of the company, make false and innacurate accusations. Twitter blue subscriptions I won't even get into."
Because Elon musk sucks now
Elon's Twitter This social platform is compromised delete your accounts before data breaches happen.
Why auto refresh?
it keeps crashing when i open it i literally cant use the app at all??? wth
"Poorly ran, too many changes too often, hard to rely on an app that is constantly changing rules. Plus riddled with misinformation and fake accounts."
👎👎
Because it is full of bullset
negativety and stupidity.
a disappointment
"Elon is a nut, he has a rubber butt, and when he walks around it goes ""putt putt"". Uninstalled."
elon sucks
Incompetent and derisive new owner makes me doubt the company's viability.
Fuctards
My life has been significantly better since uninstalling this and I encourage you reading to do the same
Very nice
nice one
"Tracking as default with no option for changing to ""no tracking"" Tsk tsk Elon"
"WARNING! New Twitter ""sink"" owner aka #ElonMusk, allows more racial, cultural, & religious motivated hate language, violence instigators, & foul language. Need DRAIN CLEANER or a new owner STAT!!! App performance is failing in my device as is explained in other recent user reviews especially re: latest updates. I uninstalled app. Had used Twitter for years."
Sometimes When I am scrolling it suddenly goes to top. I had to scroll back to the place where I was before to continue scrolling. What kind of bug is this? Edit : Some tweets are disappearing suddenly when I am scrolling in the feed.
Racist dumpster fire of an app. Should be removed from the app store.
elon musk
I hate the app you guys are scummers fvk all yo finishing pipol's money jst I wish I could meet the owner of Twitter and I fvk him too
Lots of notifications
"Every time I'm in the search tab and hit back on my phone it gets stuck on the search tab and when I hit back again, I'm returned to my phones home screen. I don't go back to Twitter home screen"
my twitter app suddenly exits itself and can't open. How strange!
"The new verification system sucks. Also, the CEO sharing political conspiracy theories makes this a lot worse. I thought as a STEM guy elon would be driven by evidence based things, not political/financial gains."
HAFIJ
Just sticking around to watch Elon destroy it

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
