Recently it has become another internet cesspit with more rampant racism and almost no moderation. Not a place for civilized discussion anymore.
Go to hell🤣🤣
"This review section on Google Play is the exact same experience as logging on to Twitter. Tons of bots praising Elon Musk (a spoiled, moronic egomaniac that wants to blast all life to Mars) and otherwise an annoying echo chamber filled with some of the (seriously) most unintelligent, angry, spammy type posts from the worst ppl on earth. Twitter makes sure you see every stupid thing anyone has ever said. Now that Musk is running it, it literally might surpass Facebook as the worst thing ever."
Please fix your reporting page. It always lags whenever I choose tweets that violate the terms and conditions of the community.
Zero star ⭐ third class
It's very cool ! I realy like that aplication ! 🐦 I recomand that !
Elon 🤑🤑
"Ever since elon took over it has been 1-sided leaning toward Republicans, Supression of the poor, and banning comedians."
It always bothers me when social media apps try and copy each other. Twitter is trying to become a tiktok and it's frustrating.
I'm out! I will be damned if musk gets one cent of my advertising dollars. This app has destroyed america!
Not into what they're trying to do now. I would have installed truth social if I wanted it
"So now we have to pay for twitter? Hahah, no."
"This is turning into a hellhole of spam and crypto garbage. More ads every day, verification is now worthless garbage, and reintroducing political extremists in the next days thanks to the space dude"
Bad
Waste of time fake followers fake news
Twitter blue not working
Sucessfully Uninstalled. This is now a platform for domestic terrorists to push thier hatespeech.
3lon destroyed this app
"Can't click on anything or scroll anymore, useless app if all I can do is log in."
"My last login was about a decade ago. Saw how toxic it was then. Since Elon bought it, I figure I'd give it another chance. Well, I don't remember any of my old login info except the email (which I still use), so I chose ""I forgot my password."" I provided my email. Then, get this, it asks me for my username. Lol, guess it's a sign. Life free of social media is great, 'cause most all the people who's opinions matter to me I know in person anyway. Hope Elon brings free speech to Twitter for y'all."
Left propaganda machine. Useless app.
Stop refresh when i am reading
"Unblock my sht, Elon. 😉"
This is for paresh agrawal
Not all replys load. I look at a tweet that says it has 12 replies tap it and a couple or worse none load. It ruins a huge part of why I would use the app.
Too many adds
Won't let me get verification
Not for me
Felt good to Uninstall this app. Never gonna use it again. Can't support a platform owned by someone who fires half of their employees.
"Now under mismanagement. Not interested in paid-for blue checks or any such thing, or the rampant use of slurs from people and bots. Useless now."
I use it alot but elon owns it now so die
Cool till someone spent 44 billion on it.
This app is verygood for another socail media Intersting app
Not really bad though
"Do not update, I am telling you"
Parag agrawal or creator of twitter should be jailed or hanged to death for making such thirdclass application
Went downhill
"Since I updated the app, I can't find space and twitter live"
Worst app i have ever use.. Everything sucks..
Elon Musk ruined a good app.
Not worth having anymore
Changing review to 1 star. Can't believe what a certain person is doing to this app.
A billionaire's digital litter box.
"You want to do away of legit verification, but get pissed and threaten to ban people for misrepresenting themselves. SnOw FlAkE"
L+ratio
Bad Experience with Twitter To many fake news in twitter
"It's quite the train wreck or unnatural disaster there and is getting worse with each day that goes on. Starting a blog would be a better way to share thoughts; there would be less trolls, less hate, and less ridiculousness."
"Digital battlefield, I choose not to participate."
Deactivated my Twitter. F you Elon Musk!
"This app is like being in North Korea. They say you have the freedom of speech, but you don't. Recently Twitter has turned into a place for advertising and bigotry! Have fun in this dictatorship."

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
