Weirdo creepy extremist on here and its really slow. Lots of glitches.
This is disappointing. Can't register can't sign in.
Sorry but the function is terrible. I think the dev team really pooched this. Cannot even log in successfully 😒
"All problems and or glitches are caused by Google intentionally. This is not an app. This just looks like an app but just redirects you to a website which Google has full control over. That was one of the conditions for letting this ""App"" in the play store. Notice how login info is through a website. I will switch to Apple products because Google is part of the criminal organization in our white house."
Unable to create an account right from start. It keeps saying something went wrong.
This is a terrible app it needs so much work! It uses Chrome and it nearly crashed my phone I had to restart it three times. I cleared the cache in Chrome. I uninstalled the app. Went back tried to use Chrome and it wouldn't work! Had to restart my phone and clear the cache again to find stuff from the day before still there. Will not reinstall.
Worked great even with VPN before and now it doesn't. Not shutting off VPN. Maybe a new release will fix it.
"I tried this out of morbid curiosity. I went to the webpage first. Couldn't get an account because of my phone number, though I verified my email address. I didn't want this app anyway. I just wanted to get on there and troll a bunch of morons, and write a review on how their insurrectionist idiot of a founder is no more intelligent than the apparently trash app itself. Have a nice day. Don't bother responding, it looks like you don't anyway."
Not vary user friendly
Horrible. Can't logon. Won't send an email to create new password
Downloaded and literally won't open lol. I press the icon and my phone does nothing. Samsung Galaxy 20 FE 5G. Niiiice.
"Can't get logged in, does NOT work! One big circle of nothing! No password reset email sent though requested over 10 times. This is one broke App... very sorry to say!"
CAN NOT REGISTER!
"not even an app?! i thought i downloaded an app from Google Play Store and it runs in Chrome?! Uninstalled. Did not create an account. Doesn't seem very ""truthful"" right from the start."
Won't recognize or reset password I have requested a password reset MANY times. Nothing. No way in.
This is scam app. It will not let you create an account.
Where's the truth at? I think this app should be called hateful social. Because its just filled with middle school level bullying. Also this isn't even a app it just opens your internet browser but I really didn't expect anything different.
App did not work to enroll
I can sign in on my phone no problem. If I sign in on the app on this tablet it says I have the wrong password or sign in information. Something is definitely wrong with this app please fix
"Not VPN friendly, until then... bye-bye"
Google play store app will not open. Logs me out all the time. Every time I try to log in says it is a legal request and that my log in info is wrong.
"Literally just a web app being sold in the play store. If your default browser is chromium based you can't tell as it has a loading screen and everything. But if your default browser is Firefox, it opens up in one of those pop up browser windows like you opened a link in another app, with a url and x bar header at the top. Changing browser to chrome removed it and made it seem like a full app when it's literally a web app. Very lazy dev work!"
"It's not even an app, it's just an embed of the website"
"Horrible app, it updates all the time and Trump tells only lies."
This app is just a redirect for the website
I literally can't even open the app. What a let down this has been. all of it. all three years.
Practically it's just a platform for Election deniers.
This app is horrible. Can't log in 90% of the time
"Cannot log in on Samsung phone. Just spins from app icon to a web page. If I try from my PC it works. I use Brave as the web browser, Can anyone help. Looks like alot of people unhappy with Customer service. I still cannot use it on my phone."
I've beem trying to get my acct going for several weeks. I repeatedly get a message saying an email was sent to me to correct the issue even though I've yet to receive an email. I finally just gave up.
"Now that Elon has Twitter, we do not need Truth Social!"
Google has this app in their store and yet it's not accessible. Makes no sense. ☹️
"Just installed and noticed the cookie policy - I don't think you need all the info it collects, so I uninstalled without signing up"
I can't verify my cellphone number. It keeps saying that it is invalid. Uninstalling.
Biggliest loser. All this app does is give some orange fat whiny brat a place to complain about how he was wronged by the world. I guess it also gives Christian Nationalists the opportunity to play White Taliban one day. Almost nobody cool uses this app. This app makes MySpace look like a winner.
This platform sucks 😕
It won't 3 me register a new account. Totally useless and I'm insisting it. Wasted my time and data for a useless app Google play needs to remove the useless apps.
This is rubbish ....lots of ways to verify...then still cannot log in? My 3rd attempt at signing on... over it..not user friendly at all.
simplify log in process! This ain't Fort Knox!
Used to be 5 stars but I can no longer log in. Tried to reinstall but still can't.
Too Many Glitches and Stupid Ads!
"Ok, it's a social media site somewhat like Twitter. Easy enough to pull off with a few developers and some cash. But did experience some glitchy navigation and error pages. With that said, let's be honest, this site is nothing more than a sounding board for a disgraced con-man of an ex-president and his band of misfit talking heads. If you dig conspiracy theories, sophomoric memes and the people/bots that comment around them, this is your jam. Otherwise stay away."
"I set up an account yesterday and haven't been able to sign in keeps saying wrong username//email or password, nd all is correct, nd I waited so long for it to be available for Android, after reading the reviews seems I'm not alone same problems as most, for instance was able to log in didn't log off, so went back nd had been logged out nd couldn't log back in"
Something is not working on loading this app from Google- it will not load on my Samsung
"Gagging installing this, but kinda wanna see our Lord cheetoh lose his marbles over mid terms"
App doesn't work if you're on a VPN.... Also there doesn't seem to be any way to get notifications when a post is made
Can't create an account
"It was very nice at first , than today I replied to a post and I was immediately blocked from posting my opinion by Townhall and truth social, they sent me an email stating that I was blocked from posting as my comment was a violation. Amazing how my right to free speech is a violation of a social network who boasts free speech. This app is exactly like Facebook, and set up like a terrible version of Twitter, there's more democrats on this than Facebook, I won't be part of this no longer ."
Lying Trumpers.
App is ok. Full of strange posts imo.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
