Bring back the old video player
PLEASE FIX THE GLITCHING VIDEO!!!!!!
Video player experience is soooooo bad now. The button disappears and won't reappear forever. Unless you close and open again. This is 2023 and this is how you implement media player????? Dafuq. And the the trolls are now verified. This app deserves to tank and disappear forever
Very poor when downloading.when I click it will install then when it gets closer to 100% It'll restart
Put chronological order back in.
te odeio melon cusk
🤬😡😤
"I installed the app and I can't log in at all!! Everytime I log in it just sets me back to the main log in screen, fix this."
Very irritating to use and always feels laggy. Why this can't be fixed on Android I will never understand..
T W I T T E R. (The worst people reside here.)
Used to be good but recent updates have made it worse and worse.
Worst platform....
Garbage
😂
The pictures and videos are taking too long to load and to think that the app had so many update but the problem is still not fixed says a lot about the app. Please fix this issue immediately.
No images load anymore
"Politics and fake news cluttler and spam bots killed a great platform. I had a reach of 10 million people per month. Now down to a few thousand Update: Lose 1k followers every month, lost my bluecheck and I'm not paying for one period. Getting close to no engagement"
"The app works fine for me but can someone explain why I can't change my birth date, I go to change it but it says I don't have permission to change it and it won't let me change my Gmail address saying that it can't change it right now. Please Twitter just let me do these things"
"Video player sucks, fix it."
watching a video from a page makes it scroll all the way back up to the top of the page 0/5
"To think back in 2018 my worst complaint was sorting my follow list. The app now might work fine but you never know which CEO whims will be shoved in clumsily, breaking something that's worked great for years. I'm basically a seagull whining about the dumpster behind McDonald's tho. Not going anywhere."
New version isn't good the old version was better than new one
Can't even sign in
"The app is getting worse and worse, but still better than the browser experience"
My account was apparently hacked. I can't get any help. Horrible app. So glad they kicked me off for something I never did
Useless
Pay for 2FA? Is this the equivalent of a billionaire panhandling? Please... Just go bankrupt already
I can't add my number
Turned into a real cesspool the last year or so. Kinda like if Fox New has a family picnic and all the cousins showed up.
"kathel oru aahaayam.. adhu enrum veelvadhu illayadi... kaathel tholviya paaththavandi naanu,firstu lovevula thoththavandi naanu.... ennai naan yaarendi sonnalum puriyadhu.. en kaathel nee enru yaarukkum theriyadhu.. neeee keakkum kathalukku veru ethayum keattida theriyadhu..."
Fix the video player
Who am i
"I am convinced that a vat of cyanide would be less toxic than Twitter replies. Things have gotten so bad that I am now forced to uninstall Twitter for my own sanity. Avoid this network, it will not succeed in the long term. I will wait for Bluesky and hope it's a more enjoyable experience."
Twitter becoming more bullshitt!!!
"They removed my two factor without my input, which I guess means it never existed to begin with. The algorithm isn't as good as the old timeline; ads, scams artists, and bigots abound."
It really need improvement
3rd class app. I have tride many times to recover my account but there is no proper way to recover it. 😡😡😡
বাজে😑
traumatizing
"This isn't a protest rating, but my feed has legit turned into right-wing nonsense since musk took over. Way to overcorrect the issue instead of being even handed."
"We can't tell the truth cause Twitter is totally evil. You're going to HELL before God's Throne if you d? don't change your life with Jesus. "" All liars will go to HELL which is the second death for your soul "" Revelation 21:8."
Twitter hasn't gotten any better under Musk if anything its getting worse more censorship.
nakakaasar ehh amp
Everything sucks now lol
In landscape audio stops working on videos. It's been this way for months and is talked about on the internet.
Crazyy
MY FOLLOWERS DIDNT SHOW GROWTH EVEN MANY PEOPLE HAVE FOLLOWING ME.
"video medias are lagging, should be fixed"
"New person in charge, verified idiot."
When i find a good tweet on my feed i lost it before i know the user and now i cant find the old tweet that i got

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
