Can't create an account because my email and voip # aren't good enough fine then goodbye
"Never did let me in, keep saying wrong password and works not send email to reset password."
Great site but the app is isn't even a real app it just redirects you to the website.
I'm trying to make an account but when I put in my phone number it says: something went wrong. Please start over from the beginning. I start over and same message appears
Android Clipboard does not work. I have over 20 items on my Clipboard. It won't display Clipboard. It only shows paste. Please correct & I will 5 star review.
Cannot register for an account after multiple attempts.
Cannot access.
Getting setup is impossible for me. 0 stars for user friendliness.
No truth social! I know they won't be telling the truth about history.
"Email, and phone number are required during registration. I like having those as options for account recovery, or for 2FA. But making them mandatory for registration is a dealbreaker for me."
Lowlife trump supporters
"It is broken, doesn't work right and every 20 seconds I get a request for donations for Trump. I am done, I am not giving him money to fail and make the republican party look foolish!"
This is a website in the form of an app. Very obvious when using Firefox.
Why do you need my phone number?
impossible to log on
Couldn't register account no matter what I put in for username it said it was taken even the most nonsense and random numbers and letters.
It's all the same stale lies we have in duped.
Could not access just because of where I physical live. I am a US citizen who lives abroad.
"ok, this isn't a app its just a link ""truth social"" i tried 30 different user names & every time i got ""user name already exists"" from my real name to everything else, user name already exists! I've never been on this platform, not once, and I can't! i cant stand any politician's including trump & obviously he/they know it!! ZERO STARS for this LINK, NEGATIVE STARS FOR ALL POLITICAL PUPPETS!!"
"Abysmal. Extremely dissapointed with TS after so much effort to participate. I expected much more from the Team of POTUS DJT. Still, making the best of my permanent suspension from Twitter, sans regret.. Bravo! Elon Musk"
I'd typed up a very in-depth review and decided to delete it and just say some of the other negative reviews actually have merit.
Samsung A51 5G - Issues For some reason it keeps saying my login and password are wrong. When logging in via laptop there's no problem.
"If you forgot your password, you can forget about ever resetting it. It logs you out if you arent constantly using it. Its also not really an app, its nothing but the website condensed into an ""app"". Regardless, its not even worth downloading. Gab and Gettr are much better platforms. Seems like Nunes and Trump dont care if their product functions or not."
Awful Twitter clone full of a lot of hateful people. Stay clear. Also - this is just a shell for a web app and it's terrible.
Why I cant even create an account bro!? Every time I put my phone # it dosen't send me the text msg to register.
A crashing festival. Free speech you say.. Is that after the crashes or before it crashes? Brilliant kitchen table programming a high-school student could do better.
Can't even finish making the account without it having an error and refusing to finish the process....
I love Trump but this app is trash..
Invasive cookies and requires a phone number to sign up
"Every user name is taken it says, I can't even make a account"
Tried to sign up in the USA. Says it's not in my country
"Was looking forward to using this app but when I try to launch the app I get an Access Denied error if I have my VPN active. Love ya Trump, but I'm not giving up my VPN. Change this or go back to some other platform if you want to reach me and other people who use VPNs."
Very poor - made an account and now can't sign in. Can't make a new password or anything?
"Its not an app, just redirects you to a web browser. Musk restored Trumps twitter account. Trump should either return to Twitter or provide a usefull app"
"Im a supporter of trump, and also a developer. This app sucks. Its literally just the website embedded into a app. My phone literally said it was running on chrome. Its slow etc. I absolutely love the design though which gives it 2 stars."
horrible
Will not load on my samsung s8 android phone
"Editing this review to lower it even further, as this is not an app at all. This is simply a link to the website that uses your native web browser to display it. Quite sad. Previous review, when they were still trying to make an app: It continually fails to access truth social and just spins on loading"
"I live in Puerto Rico, and this island is a territory of US and LEGAL AMERICAN CITIZEN SINCE 1917. Well, first problem, I don't have an iPhone, only an Android. After waiting, at least I can download the app in the Play Store, but it is impossible to get the VERIFICATION CODE. I wrote them telling the problem in details and they told me that Canada is not included. Canada? Really? Is it a joke? I'm from PR, NOT CANADA. WOW, it WAS a WASTE OF TIME!!!"
Worst than Facebook. Some of the dumbest users I've ever seen
Have never been able to register.
"I was so excited to finally get to download President Trump platform, then your app cause many problems like some others who tried to download your app. I have the same exact problems as the others. I can't login, unstalled and download over and over. Won't except my phone number either or get any emails to get a code. Dee Mills"
"I am giving it a 1 star for now, because I am not receiving the verification or activation code despite multiple atempt."
Never sends 6 digit verification code. Tried multiple times.
I will not give my cell number to an app. Not even FB. Use email validation as an option please.
"Can't sign up, user name not available even when putting something totally crazy in. No email support responses. Terrible app."
The app is locked. App is not allowing to create a username. App uninstall. Trash.
The app is literally just a browser shortcut. You can delete this app and make a shortcut yourself.
It won't even let me create an account wanted to ask for the phone number I give the area code then the first number is put twice then it says start over from the beginning after you fix it 💩app
Just download this for the 1st time and it just keeps asking me to log in. I do not have an account set up yet. It is not even giving me the option to set up my account. What is going Play Store?

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
