Lol can't even get an email to confirm and log in. Asked to send twice. Nothing. So I'm out.
Couldn't get past the sign up. Broken servers? Mr musk keeps my non money for a little while longer
Una verg#
Libtards go cry. This app is 🤡💩
Stuck on email verification. Weird registration process.
"Tried to register and it gave a 404 lmao Even before that, the list of a available communities looked pathetically small."
I chose an lgbtq server in koren o thought its gonna translate to english but the caothca is in english how the hell can I verify my accounr lol and it doesnt allow me to chabge servers
"Tried to sign up using the app. Got a message of ""forbidden"" but no explanation of what that meant. Tried again, message ""too many requests"". Errors need explanation to the user, or they can't be easily fixed."
"I just made an account on the website and now I'm trying to log into the app but every time I click ""log in"" it tries to load for a few seconds and then says ""time out"""
"Seems cool but just times out trying to join. I tried over and over and choose a few different servers. I love the band Mastodon but not so much this app. There definitely needs to be a social network like this but it will need to work like it competition for users to actually join otherwise they'll just delete it and move on like me, I'm not gonna spend much time troubleshooting a social media app if it doesn't work it just doesn't work."
I can't not get past the add server page
"Where it works it does a great job, often better than other Mastodon apps. However the local feed is hidden under search and I do not believe there is a Federated app. This makes the app far too limited. It could be the top Mastodon app if it added these feds to the main page."
"Not a good first experience. I just downloaded the app, and kept getting a 502 pop up whenever I entered a password."
Tried making account with two different valid email addresses. I received no email confirmation to either one. Not in spam folder either.
Tried joining. Email confirmation never arrives. Useless.
Bad interface. Not user friendly at all.
"I don't receive any confirmation email, and it is impossible to go back to registration, the app is frozen in ""confirm email"" view."
You haven't fixed the password reset issue since December last year!
"Uninstaller! it, I set up account and it said tap link in the email we sent you. I clicked resend 4 times. I still haven't received an email. So much for this app. Uninstalling!"
This app is a joke. It's not for casual users.
"Been trying for days to log in buy can't seem to get in. Easy enough on a Web browser but using this app is just impossible. Keep giving me invalid user or password. Shame, thought it was promising."
What is this garbage.
Clean up the UI and signup process please its appalling and confusing.
"From an admin of a small community running mastodon: New folks, please don't use this. It lacks basic features you need to be able to use and enjoy sites running mastodon, you won't understand how the site works. Visit your new community in your web browser and you'll see a really helpful new user tutorial, any announcements from your admins and an ""unlisted"" posting option which is a good default for many."
Not For African's?🤔
"Never got the sign-up email. Oh well, tried to sign-up but it never sent me an email."
Can't create an account because my email address is already taken?!
"I can't even sign up... this could be great, but it's too confusing."
"Cannot login. I know I have an account. I know said account is verified. Yet the app does not recognize my account, nor will it let me reset my password, despite repeated tries. So, I'm uninstalling the app. I'll just stick with the desktop version."
"The app is a joke. UI is alright buts it's strictly for far left, if your not a commie you don't get a voice. Straight from the CEO's mouth."
Garbage app won't let people tell the truth. Admins are POS and of no help. Circle jerk for retards
"I tried to join and never got the confirmation email, no matter how many times I asked. Maybe because I own my own domain name? Also, would be nice if you show a preview of password entry or double enter it."
Hard to understand
"Frustrating as a new user. Doesn't seem to have any of the navigation tools the mastodon website has, just a feed you can't do anything with? A lot lot lot of new users are coming from twitter, this app doesn't seem make it easy at all. Maybe this app expects the user to be experienced with mastodon? As a new user, I do not recommend this app at all, will definitely be trying other ones."
Can't login on the app. It's very buggy
"I created an account on Tribel in 10 minutes. This app won't tell me why my initial info can't be accepted, so I kept trying until they locked me out LOL okay Dino you win, I won't join."
Twitter copycat but unprofessional admins
I keep trying to create an account but it keeps showing a 403 and 404 error and it won't let me proceed. I found a server and everything is correct but I can't go further.
"I was exploring options because of the way Twitter is looking and heard this would be an interesting app. However, this was ridiculous trying to set up. Firstly, you need a degree in servers before you can even decide on a handle, then once you get past that to the email confirmation and question, you are then faced with a question in Korean to confirm your existence. I translated it to find a very Korean specific question, but when I tried googling the answer even Google wasn't much help!"
Can't get set up. Like many others we aren't getting the email confirmation and there is no way to get out of that screen. I tried stopping the app from settings and it still won't get out of that. I thought about reinstalling and trying again but based on the reviews it's unusably broken. Even the choices you get set up were confusing as well as the handle extension. It's very sad because we really need a good usable social networking app. Someone please make one!
"Nice idea to have an alternative to Twitter, but it's just not working. Connected with someone I knew but keep getting some error when try6to write to them! 500, whatever that means!"
Would not send confirmation email
"Downloaded. Met with insane number of sites to choose from, then app did not work with Gmail to send verification email. Tried repeatedly, even to dumping cache, doing available memory check. UNINSTALLED. I need function, not empty promises."
"Downloaded, can't get set up. It won't accept any passwords even though I'm following directions (caps, numbers, special characters, etc)"
"The registration process does not work; I tried it several times with months in between and with different servers, but to no avail. That's what I'd call unprofessional."
"Buggy, slow, need a hell of a lot of work"
"Don't think I joined a Korean server but captcha was in Korean. There must be ways to navigate through such issues, couldn't even go back. Will settle for uninstalling"
Does not work tried joining says sending confirmation to your email??????? Just don't arrive no matter how many times Try
I never received the confirmation email to get access to my account .😒
Wont even let me log in

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
