What a way for democrats to ban free speech and spread propaganda 😂😂😂
Its not working at all its fake i give it 000000000000000000 stars
All I get is a picture of a blue sky Waste of time
App is very slow
"I'm having trouble accessing the app, i need an invitation code or whatever to access the app please who can help"
Poor connectivity
It doesn't install.. Reads to 100% and just freezes tried it twice and all same
This app is garbage
"Good just like Twitter , thanks to former Twitter CEO"
"It won't let me sign up for the waitlist. When I tap to enter my email address, the keyboard slides up and instantly slides back down. Unable to type anything."
Ok
Seriously lagging!
Twitter ❤️
"Unfortunately,i found it to be frustrating from the beginning iy doesnot allow the use keyboard to type email in the waitlist bar !!!!!"
App has crashed on my 3x just trying to create an account. Try again another day
I don't have any experience. How exactly do we get the invitation code?
"I love this app already, but can someone help me with invite code?"
I can't even sign up
Have downloaded the app but I would have to uninstall it because when I tried to sign up an error occurs saying my email is invalid
Not tested it tho
"This is only available per invite now. When you try to join the wait-list, the app won't allow you to. What a shame."
Unfortunately I can't even get on the waitlist on android? It won't let me type in my email. Even going in a browser it's a endless screen I was hoping for this to be better than twitter.
Can someone send me invitasion code please 🙏🙏🙏
Second time I'm installing today....laggy af
Not working
"Heard about it on the news, downloaded it. Then it said that you need an invitation to join or go on wait list. Click wait list and page closes. Guess I'll stick with Twitter."
"Hello Bluesky Devs; let me introduce you to the concept of labbels. Labbels allow screen readers to read the content and type of interface elements such as buttons, forms, tabs, etc. Without labbels, blind people like me will never be able to use the ap. Please fix this, this is front-end basics."
Just blink So I have to UNINSTALL
Someone should please send me the invite code
"I have no invite code, how can I access the app please, Give me one"
Not opening
"How do i get an invitation code please, i just newly installed it"
It requires Sign up code
I need an invite code...
Please can someone help me with invite code Urgently needed please
Buggy
Couldn't even join waiting list through the app as email entry field kept closing my keyboard (pixel 6a)
"Not yet available, requires waitlist"
It's in an invite only mode right now and so not available for everyone
Is this the new Jack app to replace Twitter ? Elon musk is doing his thing as a businessman with twitter and it's going to ruin the app somehow If jack can come up with similar features I'm all in
"This App crashes so often, you cant upload media neither can you post a profile picture they better fix that"
Can I get an invitation code please?
No referral code
so how and where do I get the invite code?
"Waiting for reply of Email so, i can use app and rate accordingly"
Will give proper review when I have invite code and am able to use the app. For now it's just doing nothing.
"2 stars for now just because I can't get access to it, but I learnt my region also tells why I can't get access, let me know why I can't get access to the Bluesky"
"Though there is a column for listing email ID for waitlist, it doesn't allow keying the information. App developers should look into this immediately and fix it."
Please anyone share invite code?
"On Android 13, One UI 5.1, the join the waitlist view is broken — it is impossible to type in the email because Samsung keyboard closes less than a second after it shows."

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
