Please send me invite code
The app has not been activated by the developer. Yet you keep releasing updates. Why?
"Sorry, bad app installation experience. Cannot install it on Samsung. Will try again when this becomes seamless. Cannot just install it by using workarounds."
Trying to sign up but samsung keyboard bug happens and I can't enter my email to join waitlist. The workaround is you can hold in the space to copy-paste your email in but this is a terrible bug(?).
"When i try to join the waiting list the app won""t let me write my email adress."
I have to get on a waiting list for this app but the waiting list doesn't work.
Fake app and wrost app don't west your deta in this app froad app
Worst app
This is third class. I can't create account in it. I downloaded this because I heared that it is competing twitter but it can not compete even tiktok. Fake ...!
"I have an invite code and am trying to sign up, but when I open the app, it just shows a literal blue sky. Nothing else. It's completely blank. I don't want my invite to expire and want to create an account, but there's apparently no way I can. I will change my review if this is fixed."
"It sucks,too slow and it keeps loggin me out. Now i can't login with my original password."
When I will get my invitation code? 🤷. Till that time I am sticking on 1 star review.
On a waiting list for this app? What a joke
"Pointless. It just freezes then crashes every time and I haven't even got to the invite social page yet, which is weird in of itself."
Cant even apply for beta as it closes the keyboard on a poco f3
Android user. Unable to join the wait-list. The keyboard pops up then immediately disappears.
Not able to login and why are they giving hosting provider option?
Scary to use.. anything pops up from anywhere
Horrible. Keyboard pops up and then disappeared. Useless.
App isn't open in my phone..
"Been waiting for the invite code, I've requested for more than 6 times now but nothing. Im still waiting, please send me the code"
The same waitlist keyboard problem as with many others. Apparently problem has persisted for weeks and nothing's done...
Been waiting for an invite and still if u want his to be better than Twitter start doing right by ur base

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
