Great
Very interactive and interesting app. Plenty of interaction with other users. Only bad thing I've found is all the disinformation this app allows by politicians
Quite infirmative
Gives you updates on anything happening around the world when ever you want and you can find things that you like and much much more.If you haven't downloaded it do it now or your missing out on a different world.
Nice app 👍
It would be good if you could hide posts you've already read.
Fix your servers i sign many apps with twitter account unless it crashes server is very bad and i am unsatisfy with this issues going on
Good
i love twitter too much but i don't know how to make fan!
App to mst bss Trump ko wapas le aao bhai...
Worst app it's seems twitter supporting unethical and anti hindu propaganda I wish Indian government must ban this app in near future.
Superb
bagus
I believe Musk bought Twitter out after the blueprint for Facebook meta went public. Twitter is not my most favorite social network nor will it ever be.
Excellent app
"I recommend making us change password cause prob some of us chose to sign up w/ our Gmail. cause when I signed up with my Gmail I didn't even know the pass,and it prob a random pass. Pls update Twitter with this update thank you. And I can't log in,so I recommend only adding ""email and user"" to make it easier."
Wow
"I Love this App,Cool!"
अदभूत.. किंकर्तव्यविमूढ.. शानदार
I like it
"Awesome, love it"
Not worth it
Good
My acc got locked for no reason
Excellent 👍
Very best
Lost all tweets after recent update
It's cool !!
Twitter is a terrorist organization Twitter makes money by pedophiling children and centralizing adults forcing prostitutes to harass in public Twitter is nothing but a terrorist Al-Qaeda pornographic child abuse program.
I find everything I need to know here.
Busit
Good
I like twitter
This. Fantastic
Great
Good
You can communicate with anyone even you favorite celebrities
"Tweeter is a great platform of social media,"
Good...
Utter flop app please somebody buy this waste
One of the best network
"hahaha lock account without any violation, bad Twitter habits hahaha...don't do it often, your rating can be bad, nothing impossible 😂"
Love it
"I have been a long time member, 2016, but I have some issues with them updating my community pages for other app sites On the Wizard of Oz community page is still back in 2016. My app of Bingo Blitz is right, it's dated for 2022. I wonder how many years it will be before the Wizard of OZ it gets updated?"
Good Play ⏯️▶️
I really like this app.
Search
It keeps on lagging.
Bring back the shuffle button on the Playlists. This new version sucks. I used to like clicking on the shuffle button till i landed on a song I like. Now they only have a PLAY button. I don't need another play button on the same page. It doesn't make sense.
Wonderful experience

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
