"I love this free speech app, it's the best.."
"I finally managed to set up an account, but I can't share some things from other sites. Otherwise, I give it a good rating."
Best Social app ever!!!
It won't let me sign in or create an account. I've waited long enough to see what Truth Social is all about.
Not allowing me to participate because I am on a VPN *stinks*. This is supposed to be a globally accessible platform of free conversation and opinion. WHY must I drop my personal security to participate???
Free Speech
This app is just a redirect for the website
It's easy to use
"Horrible app, it updates all the time and Trump tells only lies."
Google play store app will not open. Logs me out all the time. Every time I try to log in says it is a legal request and that my log in info is wrong.
Too Many Glitches and Stupid Ads!
Used to be 5 stars but I can no longer log in. Tried to reinstall but still can't.
"I really don't understand why I repeatedly get kicked off! Now says username and password incorrect! I write everything down and nothing is wrong, so it must be the app! Fix the issues!! Can't even login!!"
I literally can't even open the app. What a let down this has been. all of it. all three years.
"Just installed and noticed the cookie policy - I don't think you need all the info it collects, so I uninstalled without signing up"
I was eager to join and be a new fresh start only to find zero followers for two weeks straight so yes Fake News has invaded the App and broke my heart.
Does anyone else have a hard time getting the app to open?
App is ok. Full of strange posts imo.
Good app. Runs smooth and a nice place for free speech.
"It's not even an app, it's just an embed of the website"
Where's the truth at? I think this app should be called hateful social. Because its just filled with middle school level bullying. Also this isn't even a app it just opens your internet browser but I really didn't expect anything different.
I am So happy to finally be on Truth Social. I had to get a smartphone to do it. It was much easier than I thought.
This is rubbish ....lots of ways to verify...then still cannot log in? My 3rd attempt at signing on... over it..not user friendly at all.
Awesome!
"I set up an account yesterday and haven't been able to sign in keeps saying wrong username//email or password, nd all is correct, nd I waited so long for it to be available for Android, after reading the reviews seems I'm not alone same problems as most, for instance was able to log in didn't log off, so went back nd had been logged out nd couldn't log back in"
"💩 app doesn't work AT ALL for me, can't get past 1$t page. GL against Twitter, I'll stick to that."
"There's no point downloading this app if registration is closed! Move along folks, nothing to see here! Now that registration is open? Waiting to get approved? Wasting away in Margarita Vil! It's a slow death!"
"not even an app?! i thought i downloaded an app from Google Play Store and it runs in Chrome?! Uninstalled. Did not create an account. Doesn't seem very ""truthful"" right from the start."
Won't recognize or reset password I have requested a password reset MANY times. Nothing. No way in.
I've beem trying to get my acct going for several weeks. I repeatedly get a message saying an email was sent to me to correct the issue even though I've yet to receive an email. I finally just gave up.
"Can't get logged in, does NOT work! One big circle of nothing! No password reset email sent though requested over 10 times. This is one broke App... very sorry to say!"
Excellent. No more getting posts flagged like Fakebook.
Drop Facebook...
This is a terrible app it needs so much work! It uses Chrome and it nearly crashed my phone I had to restart it three times. I cleared the cache in Chrome. I uninstalled the app. Went back tried to use Chrome and it wouldn't work! Had to restart my phone and clear the cache again to find stuff from the day before still there. Will not reinstall.
I love I can express my appreciation for the day
Great app! Created by the best President!
"Gagging installing this, but kinda wanna see our Lord cheetoh lose his marbles over mid terms"
Nothing better than free open speech
Not vary user friendly
This is disappointing. Can't register can't sign in.
Weirdo creepy extremist on here and its really slow. Lots of glitches.
So far I like it. No problems yet. I enjoy posting and sharing on the platform. It was way more complicated to try to sign up on the computer but pretty easy through the app.
Downloaded and literally won't open lol. I press the icon and my phone does nothing. Samsung Galaxy 20 FE 5G. Niiiice.
Sorry but the function is terrible. I think the dev team really pooched this. Cannot even log in successfully 😒
Awesome! 👍
Awesome
Horrible. Can't logon. Won't send an email to create new password
Love this app best designs and I give it a five star 🌟 trump 2024
This platform sucks 😕
Can't log in. I tried to rest password still can't log in.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
