It's compalsary to give minimum 1 star for rating otherwise i give -5star
Excellent Scientific work towards research and development services Prof Dr Anand Shukla Slarc Anchor TV Scientific Political Journalist Subharati Medical College Vivekananda University of India.
Might as well be 4chan
Musk is the thug
Exceptional
Ok
Awesome
It was a very good app I love it
So thankful Elon bought them!
App is user friendly and a good place for me to share my blog's posts.
Wow
Do much better under new management
Cool app
"Its a very hateful platform, especially now that the racists are coming out of the woodworks. Shameful"
Musk is an &#:=*÷*ole
👍🏻👍🏻
Why i can't open my id Plsece tell me
I will rate 5 stars if you design a feature/ button to download videos.
Worked fine up until a couple days ago. Crashes instantly after it opens. Several times in a row. Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times with no difference whatsoever. Fix this. Now.
Ashan ali
Good way to get up to speed with what's happening in the world..
ITSM Student
Run by an idiot
Let's get Doge & Shiba to the moon folks.
Want nothing to do with elon musk
Elon
Hate this platform too many lies and creates hate
Terrible. I made a Twitter over a decade ago. I do not remember the name of was associated to but I have the correct email. There's no way to get passed this because I can't remember the user ID. I can't make another account because it says the two emails I use are taken... Help!
Nice gghggggg
Very Useful app
Excellent
Love twitter
Nice app
Excellent
Amezing Aap
"Lot of hope for this app now, open to the world, a sharing of ideas."
Elon musk is a dirtbag. BYEEEEE
Good app
Twitter can you people just add edit button to this app. It's embarrassing You cannot edit your tweet without deleting completely. That's too bad for an app of this magnitude
"Stop with the suggestions, if I wanted your opinion on topics to follow I would have asked. Create a separate topics page if you prefer."
Iam start now sea to further
In information technology
Nice
It is good
Musk will fix everything...
A platform that gives u freedom of speech 💬
Latest news on my hands.
Recently seeing a huge increase in hate speech and neo-nazi support. Maybe the recent change in management had something to do with that?
Parasitic
Changed my rating from 1 to 5 star. Let that sink in.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
