Love it
Awesome secure app!
A great alternative or addition to the social media platforms that want to be the Thought Police!
"Terrible. Seriously, what has happened to this app? Nothing will load up. All I get is the circle of death! Please fix asap."
"This Website is HOTTTTT MMM, it's an all in one, great experience."
Best platform for trading goods not allowed on ebay/Facebook.
Mewe is fun. Block the idiot's. Enjoy free speech. I am a paid member. To assist them for fb can fk off
"This app still has its flaws, and too many. You would think that things would be better after so long, but it actually seems worse. If it weren't for people i know still on the app, I would have deleted it long ago. Just fix these issues, I know a lot of people are reporting about, already."
Its ok so far
MEWE is a cool new brand of social network. Privacy as it core pillar it connects usera with communities and cool opinions. It has fun messaging features and easy to use interface. I really enjoy MEWE. Its also less negative and truthful! Find out more and download the app!
"Was a favourite app, but now it keeps telling me I've used up all my space but it won't give me access to delete things"
Why don't I have a timer button anymore!
Love this app
bis
"It was not a good idea. I try it out, because my cousin said she likes it. First they spell my name wrong It's Nekoda not Nevada. Sheee. I had downloaded the app, it send me email. I try again only way I was there was through my email not the app. What's with that?"
Been working great for our groups and chats.
It won't let me long into my account
"Great!!, 2 thumbs up!"
Great
Another contender for Facebook
Still learning exactly what this app is for and how to work it but so far it's ight
Great app. Needs a standalone messaging app. Mewe needs to keep up with Facebook. I want mewe to take Facebook to the ground.
So far so good
MeWe is great! Very good app!
Still crashes
Pretty cool app. Not uptight and full of restrictions like the others. Post whatever u want in this app!😁
Sex
Worst apps
SLOW UP LOADS..🤭 videos take 4Eva!!! It looks good but it has these groups..you have to join😑..I just post you either find me or you don't but I'm not in any groups... I'm outside the groups posting rzza grzza. We can chop it up.
Best apps
Good
"Its definately different then Telegram,Gab but seems to be free speech which 🙂 Im good w that"
Got a glitch in mewe on my end. I update and I cant see all images like I used to and some the posts of mine are slow to be posted.
Good and getting better.
No censorship
"Love you his site, really exciting"
Fine apps
Best app almost app
Needs more optimization but doesn't lack features
Needs work but nice to have some freedom back
Amazing!

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
