I support any company that defends freedom of speech. Twitter finally is this place
Nice 👍
I don't know why but suddenly Twitter is 100% better over the past week...
Twitter is very special social media for a better known information
"Elon Musk is a man baby, an embarrassment, and pushing what used to be a nice platform into an unreliable mess open to hate speech. We now have to find an alternative, we are left trying to solve a problem that didn't need solving."
Great ever since Elon took over!
Elon is the best🛫
Very good fast information
I havent been locked for posting my art.
Hey need help here why I can't tap my 1st account in google it won't work even my friends account I like keep tapping it and it didn't make a sound that I opened it it's like I can't open my main account
"Twitter got a lot better since Musk purchased it. I don't like being censored, restricted, or banned."
This new update of twitter it's just nonsense
elon sucks
Poor
"Free speech is no longer suppressed by our government. You know, the government which is supposed to work for us but instead practices tyranny."
Heard the big man Elon Musk bought Twitter been trying to download it again going through my email Google account forgot password forgot username wasn't planning on redownloading this unless Elon Musk bought it now I'm looking at rather signing up with a different email or waiting a week for these bugs to be fixed won't let me sign in won't send me an email with a new password or send it to my phone been over a year since I've been on here I forget what my username is
Good
Great changes to the platform.
Nice experience
Nice app
Good
They acess privet information and misuse. You can't even delete your account as you wish.
Efficient!
Apparently have to pay to get a blue tick. Not worth it.
Great
super app in ply store
It informational
trash
Video and Gif Not gd
"Now that Elon Musk has bought out Twitter. I'm glad, I'm back with Twitter looking forward to discord and debates with hopefully sustenance and knowledge. I will happily pay a monthly subscription fee for authentication."
Dont bother with it.
Elon Musk has ruined Twitter #TwitterIsDead
"The support is so slow, my account was suspended because of retweeting and mass mentioning crypto accounts that I never follow. Waited for 3 months with no results. Thanks"
I do like Twitter
Super
My favourite app for entertainment purposes
Tweet tweet I'm a free bird now
Much better now that it's a free speech platform we're everyone can say how they feel.
Awful
I can't give half star as there is no option but this app is below 1 star and should be permanently delete from play store Elon🤮
"Not great. I got permanently barred from this site when I hadn't even visited it in months. I did nothing to deserve censure, I suspect that my account got hacked. There have been some security and privacy concerns, although I did enjoy participating, and tried to keep my comments mostly positive. I contacted them about the reason I got banned, no one got back to me, so I guess I'm outta there."
Much better under the new owner!
"Now that Elon is in control, I'm going to be back on this app happily!!"
Get upto date with real trendy news!
💞
First time..still filling in info
Easy to use
Better now that Elon has let the memes flow
Excellent way to keep up with football (soccer) in both English and Spanish.
Can't wait to see what Elon does.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
