Fun
Fantastic signed up in 2 minutes and works like a charm
"ok, this isn't a app its just a link ""truth social"" i tried 30 different user names & every time i got ""user name already exists"" from my real name to everything else, user name already exists! I've never been on this platform, not once, and I can't! i cant stand any politician's including trump & obviously he/they know it!! ZERO STARS for this LINK, NEGATIVE STARS FOR ALL POLITICAL PUPPETS!!"
"Wonderful app , will keep getting better . Everyone needs to wake up and get on board ."
It's all the same stale lies we have in duped.
Won't let me login to truth social
Unable to register on my android phone
Trump Social Is Being Blocked By The Liberal Woke Socialist Cancel Culture.
"Im a supporter of trump, and also a developer. This app sucks. Its literally just the website embedded into a app. My phone literally said it was running on chrome. Its slow etc. I absolutely love the design though which gives it 2 stars."
Why do you need my phone number?
I have downloaded twice. Can not figure out how to open
impossible to log on
Never sends 6 digit verification code. Tried multiple times.
"I live in Puerto Rico, and this island is a territory of US and LEGAL AMERICAN CITIZEN SINCE 1917. Well, first problem, I don't have an iPhone, only an Android. After waiting, at least I can download the app in the Play Store, but it is impossible to get the VERIFICATION CODE. I wrote them telling the problem in details and they told me that Canada is not included. Canada? Really? Is it a joke? I'm from PR, NOT CANADA. WOW, it WAS a WASTE OF TIME!!!"
"If you forgot your password, you can forget about ever resetting it. It logs you out if you arent constantly using it. Its also not really an app, its nothing but the website condensed into an ""app"". Regardless, its not even worth downloading. Gab and Gettr are much better platforms. Seems like Nunes and Trump dont care if their product functions or not."
Not able to use only with email
"Never did let me in, keep saying wrong password and works not send email to reset password."
Truth is real
Absolutely love the informative information on the site.
Lowlife trump supporters
Great app
Worst than Facebook. Some of the dumbest users I've ever seen
I can't get push notifications to work on my S21 Android.
"Smooth and excellent experience. Lots of interesting individuals are already on and verified. Once we have the ability to create groups, this and Rumble will become the only social media apps I use."
Better than fakebook
Can't even finish making the account without it having an error and refusing to finish the process....
Great social media site.
Refreshing not being censored for having conservative beliefs.
I'd typed up a very in-depth review and decided to delete it and just say some of the other negative reviews actually have merit.
"Email, and phone number are required during registration. I like having those as options for account recovery, or for 2FA. But making them mandatory for registration is a dealbreaker for me."
🇺🇲 Excellent and................. WITHOUT THE BOTS‼️🇺🇲
Samsung A51 5G - Issues For some reason it keeps saying my login and password are wrong. When logging in via laptop there's no problem.
Cannot share.
Can't create an account because my email and voip # aren't good enough fine then goodbye
Good
BEST SOCIAL MEDIA APP THERE IS
I'm trying to make an account but when I put in my phone number it says: something went wrong. Please start over from the beginning. I start over and same message appears
"Abysmal. Extremely dissapointed with TS after so much effort to participate. I expected much more from the Team of POTUS DJT. Still, making the best of my permanent suspension from Twitter, sans regret.. Bravo! Elon Musk"
Freedom of speech and privacy are priceless .. thank you Mr Trump sir ❤
Great site but the app is isn't even a real app it just redirects you to the website.
Have never been able to register.
"Really enjoy not being censored. Enjoy reading about news that is otherwise censored everywhere. I don't like being controlled, manipulated, lied to, and disrespected to not be given my freedom to choose what I want to read and make up my own mind on anything. I have enough of that with Narcissist and codependent Parents."
I am shocked that Google is allowing this app on their platform since Google loves to censor and brainwash...
"Next level, much better then Twitter"
Free speech for the American people
"It is broken, doesn't work right and every 20 seconds I get a request for donations for Trump. I am done, I am not giving him money to fail and make the republican party look foolish!"
I tried to create an account but the app consider my phone number invalid. What I can do to succeed?
Could not access just because of where I physical live. I am a US citizen who lives abroad.
Cannot register for an account after multiple attempts.
"Can't use the app because it's geo locked for the USA only. Remove the geo lock and let Trump supporters from other countries join the app too! Also, yeah, this does look like a web app and not an actual app. Please make this an actual app."

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
