"Great app. Allows me to keep up with posts when I'm not on computer. The platform has had major growth over the past few days, weeks, months. Probably because it's a great platform with real people and real conversations. Open communications on updates."
Better than Twitter for sure.
"Good app, with nice people using it."
"Great alternative to Twitter, the app is easy to use and stable."
Easy to use app that brings you to where people are actually willing to discuss things rather than troll you. It's had it moments the last couple of weeks due to an influx of new users but it's worth being patient
Easy to navigate app love the swipe through screens and beat of all great social community awaits.
"Great place. Doesn't have the usual toxicity, anyone being abusive gets cracked down on pretty quickly. Customer service is amazing - I've not seen anything even close on other social media platforms."
"No ads, no algorithms."
I've been using this app daily in conjunction with the desktop application and I love it. Other than some occasional downtime due to DoS attacks and an influx of new users the app has worked perfectly for me.
Great app and replacement for Twitter its community funded
"CoSo is probably the most relaxing social media I've ever joined. The creator is heavily involved, the community is welcoming, and there are a bunch of amazing features. I've been there for 18mths now with varying degrees of activity and it's where I go to just breathe. No bots, no trolls, no spam."
"I love this app! The community is great, the devs are responsive. It hits the right balance of keeping trolls at bay but allowing a lot of freedom of expression. Definitely rexommend!"
"Can't access app. I download and try to sign up but never receive the confirmation email so I can't really review, but I'm hoping to get some advice from the developers."
"Not user friendly. I download it and immediately get told 1020 error, and I don't know how to fix it because I'm not that tech savvy. I really like the concept of this place and would like to be a part of it."
Looks like a great alternative for Musked Twitter.
"Its very resource heavy and confusing UI, unstabel app"
Awesomeness
"Simple and ad free Android access to the one and only Counter.Social - the thinking, feeling, and creative person's social media. No bots, no trolls, no ads. No access from foreign actors spreading lies and disinfo. Motto: DBAD. ;^)"
"An excellent app and social media platform/site. Developer and administrator very hands on with fixing any issues that arise with the site or app. No ads!! No algorithms! No personal data required/mined! Trolls and bots rapidly vanquished (splatted)! It's all about security, safety, and community building! Tons of extra perks available to Pro accounts via browser on the website. So much better than other social media platforms 🙂 People are actually kind to each other. A breath of fresh air!!"
I've been off Chief Twits app for 1 week & haven't looked back. Meeting awesome & a diverse group of thinking people. I ❤ that there is no tracking & they protect my data & trolls are dealt with quickly. If your looking for a fun app without the high stress & anxiety I highly recommend CoSo & NO ads is a plus 👍Looking forward to the Pro option.
Blocked from accessing the app I assume because I'm in Thailand? Lol
"Total garbage, complete waste of time."
"Great people and well run platform, top notch app !"
"I posted a couple of times. People seemed nice. I went back today, & found ""Access Denied."" There was some code to give to administrator, but that's above my ability. No gteat loss if they don't want me."
"The app has more features than 🐦 and the service isn't hard to adapt to. I love that there are no ads, bots, fake news, etc. Very welcoming place!"
"Wonderful social media site. No ads, trolls are almost non existent. It's everything I wished other big sites could have created before greed took over."
"CoSo takes social media to higher level! The atmosphere there is absolutely amazing. Those complaining about the app, its not the app. The site is experiencing an influx of new users. Be patient, keep trying. Once you experience it, you will wish you had found it sooner. No hate, no bots, no arguments, no disinformation. Just a diverse, friendly, interesting community interacting having good conversations about everything."
Best social media platfform out there by a mile.No bots or trolls tolerated.Smashing community to engage with.
"Finally, a social media site for grown ups. No trolls, no foreign interference, no ads."
Must be good
"If it had a light theme, then it would get a 5 from me."
"Fantastic community, friendly, real people. Bots are blocked, they ban abusive people as well. Its like Twitter without fighting nonstop and harassment from sock puppet accounts. Really have to try it to see the difference. It's amazing"
"Can't access the app at all, tells me I'm not allowed."
Loving the app. I joined earlier this year when news of the bird app purchase was first known. Great vibe and features. Jester has worked hard to counter repeated DDoS attacks and huge influxes of users which have led to down times here and there. Hope people ride out those times and give it a real chance. I think they'll like it once they get used to it. User funded with no ads.
"I have been on Coso for a few years and have used different apps to access Coso via my android phone. I love the app Jester created and it is a streamlined version of the full browser version. Remember that at present Coso is a one man endeavour to show how Cyber communities can be. 102,000 accounts in 5 years and still growing."
ERROR CODE 1020 ACCESS DENIED I UNINSTALLED AND AM OUT OF HERE!
"Love the app. Wish hackers would leave it alone though. DDoS attacks, not cool dudes. Hope everything keeps spinning now!"
Best replacement for the dying bird.
An app with a developer that cares for how the digital landscape works for the people who use it.
"Been on CoSo for several months now. It takes a bit of time to learn all of the features, but there's a lot of support that makes it much easier. No ads, no hate screeching, no algorithm supporting large accounts over small, plus many other positives. Sometimes it's a little glitchy due to fast growth, etc., but CoSo still gets 5 stars because it's so far superior to the Bird/other sites that exist to grab personal info for profit & promote dissention. Terrific community!"
Love the app and site!!
"No bots, enjoyable interactions! No BS!"
"I've had many accounts: MySpace, Facebook, Instagram, TicToc, Twitter, Mastodon...to name a few, and I've deleted every single one except CounterSocial. The best thing about it is the atmosphere, it's really a social website. I'm so thankful to be away from the vicious rhetoric, and fake news on other sites and back to civilized exchanges and varied interests. And one more positive - there are NO ads!"
"Easy to use, friendly, no trolls!"
Everything good about Twitter with none of the hate & trolls. Perfect place to land post-EM doing everything he can to trash his new acquisition. #TWexit
"Great place, great people. If you're an a-hole go to Parler or Truth"
"App won't even open. I just get an ""access denied"" warning."
Awesome
"Great experience, no ads, smooth operation, love it"
A very enjoyable SM experience on CS which is a wonderful change from the vitriol experiences on twitter.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
