good
"I enjoyed this enough to delete twitter last week, was making lots of new friends and everything was going fine, but then suddenly I've now been suspended with all my content irreversibly removed from the system, without warning and without explanation. Not sure if the suspension was intentional or part of the attack on counter social we were hearing about yesterday. Tried emailing their support but haven't heard back."
Couldn't even sign up for the damn thing!! Tried 3 times to sign up and all 3 times it wouldn't go through. Error from website. Not worth the hassle
"Probably one of the best little communitys I've ever been on. The app is easy to use, sometimes a little glitchy but the creator is quick to check into it and make sure a fix is done for app stability. Been a pro user of the site for about, oh, 8 almost 9 months now and I've ended up meeting so many wonderfully supportive and kind people in the community. I don't know if folks dig a chill, laid back community, but this is one to protect at all costs."
"Amazing place! It's incredible the difference it makes when a platform actively blocks trolls and countries who enlist bot farms to stir up animosity and division. You can have actual conversations. Everyone has been very welcoming and accepting. There are no ads!! None! There is no hatefullness, or ignorance. It is so refreshing, like what the internet should have been all along."
"The app is rough, like looks like something out of 2002. Ugly and very unweildy. I get the mass of people moving from Twitter to here, but seriously this app is a trainwreck."
"Why does it constantly crash? And it's sooo slooow. Gets to 99%, and then stops. So frustrating."
Junk
"App works great, site occasionally laggy but given the influx of users that's to be expected."
Epic experience and space. Amazing people just like in the early days of the web before everything got ruined by trolls and jerks. Love it there.
"Very friendly, ad free, much more professional than Tribel 🤮"
"Don't be fooled by detractors, CoSo is a great social media site filled with real people, no bots and no algorithms."

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
