Where's the Federated feed???
"So far so good. Missing a few features as others have said, but pretty solid otherwise."
not user friendly. You have to jump through a lot of hoops to use this app...i have tried it repeatedly over the years and just cant make myself like it. no smooth flow. Its will get a following..but never be for most people. i choose to have no social media over this ( all the mainstream apps are not even an option 🤮)
Nice design in general but the local timeline is hidden in the search tab / communicaty whereas the federated timeline is simply absent. I will use therefore Tusky or the web version for the time being.
Clunky. I am trying to set up two accounts & can't for the life of me figure out how to switch between them. The add account option just takes me back to the login screen.
Made a mistake with my email creating my account. There is no back button. Created a new account on my PC but the app is still asking me to verify my mistaked account from the email. Even after uninstalling and reinstalling it keeps asking me.
Lame
"Loving the UI. I guess I missed all the new user surge drama! The app works fabulously for me. Signup was quick, easy and painless."
"Can't create a new account because it tells me there's an error but doesn't tell me why, so IDK if my username is taken or my password doesn't meet their standards or what."
A few bugs upon sign in. Got disgusted
Not as expected
"Cannot register an email. ""The access token is invalid"". No verification email sent, app cannot be used to register another account even after a reinstall. Literally unusable."
"I feel like I gotta balance out all those one star reviews from the impatient people who don't understand the inevitable hitches that will occur when a system experiences such a sudden and massive boost in users. I arrived a few days after the big rush, and had a smooth sign up experience."
Good app but where's local and federated tabs?! Kinda useless without that
The app is a little barebones but it's functional and fluid. I prefer it over using the mobile website.
"Unlike other users, I had no issue creating an account, the confirmation email arrived promptly and the link inside worked. However I'm now stuck. I can't upload any photos in posts and also I can't find a ""feed"" of any sort. I'm really confused on why it forces you to join a server before your account is fully activated and also, where are the posts on said server? How do I find the content? Interact with anyone? All the home page shows me is an empty list. Enthusiastic but confused."
Mastodon is a trainwreck. I joined it.I didn't like the server I was on. At the time there wasn't much a selection of servers. I ask how to change servers. I get kicked off the server. It messes up my account. I try to sign up for a new account. Mastodon won't let me.
Never used Twitter much anyway but this app seems interesting so far. Fairly confusing and needs some work but has potential.
"I was kicked out of Twitter for saying ""death to dictatorship"" , I hope this app will not use such dumb algorithms"
Came here from NDTV post about Twitter.. Really this one is better than Twitter...
"Installing and setting up an account went smoothly. One hour later the app wouldn't load, I kept getting a timeout error on every feed (including my own) and then got logged out. Tried reinstalling and resetting the password, but a full day's wait later there's still no sign of any reset email."
"Unistalled 2mn after with permanent account deleting. Unbelievable hassle while signing up, you're forced to choose whatever proposed server even it's not what u really want, once you're in finally every pull operation is timed out, nothing appearing. Searched for some topics nothing appeared. Anyway in general this app is a very poor unseccusful imitation features of Twitter. Not recommended at all."
"Absolutely useless. No matter which button I click on the first screen, I'm taken to the 'create a new account' screen, therefore I can't log in with my existing account."
Wait for big smooth performa. Go masto go 💙
Keep getting timeouts. Not really surprising. But the UI is okay.
The email thing... Still haven't received it. Hours later. Not a great start 🙄🙄
"When you get into the app, it doesn't even give you options to join groups."
"Cool and fast app, said noone ever. It appears that it didn't scale well"
Account creation and login is a hot mess.
Search works well (and is certainly better than Tusky in that respect). But this app is missing bookmarks and lists functionality.
the app is really good but we need a dm and pin things our accs
Literally can't understand how this works. Signed up on the web and I'm getting 403 errors popping up when I try to log in via the app
Tooo much bugs
Twitter should hire the engineers from you guys to reach same level of UI and smoothness in android.
I can't get past the sign-up page.
connect all communities in one immediately and you are the number one on the globe
This app has been incredibly unreliable so far. Getting lots of loading errors. Hope they can improve things if it's going to be a viable alternative to the hellscape. Update: Seems to be doing better!
not up to the mark content
Nice alternative. More of a tool to follow a close knitted group.
"Once you're used to how it works, it's great!"
Both buttons on the home screen on the app lead to the same page. I'm already signed up (via the web) but can't get in via the app. Ideas? I know you're possibly overwhelmed by those migrating across from the blue bird but would like to see this fixed so I can use the app and not a web client.
Good
"Forbidden, Timeout, Too many attempts.. can't do anything."
clearly ment for a very specific users. not for general use.
I ask you to put a layout size option within the app...
Tried and tried. Never sent the confirmation email
"It's just good, works totally fine. I would love to see a federated timeline"
"Created my account with this app. Can now login on PC, but NOT with the app that I created the account with. It doesn't make any sense to reset my password on this when I know that it works on the PC. It's hard to make a jump to this platform if I cannot login on both PC and the app."
"Waiting for a new up to date UI for android, also there needs to be a true black theme"
Most negative reviews here seem to be more to do with not being able to join a server rather than the app itself.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
