I install this app 2 months but not received join code
goated app
Please send me invite code
Not able to login and why are they giving hosting provider option?
Like Twitter but fun and it doesn't suck or have elon
Do I go to the moon in order to get an invitation? This is a shameful and disgusting thing
"describe my experience?! I'm sorry but you're going to have to die if you want to experience what heaven is like, or you can download this app"
Urgently need a new social platform but a waiting list doesn't help.
It's also like Twitter 😘✅
"The app is alright, it's similarity to Twitter isn't that intriguing but it's familiar which is a bonus in itself. My only worry is that since Jack Dorsey made this app, hopefully all the toxic and crazy leftists won't all migrate over. Its enough with the mad dog AOC"
"When i try to join the waiting list the app won""t let me write my email adress."
Please somebody give me the invite code. I want to use this app.
App isn't open in my phone..
Trying to sign up but samsung keyboard bug happens and I can't enter my email to join waitlist. The workaround is you can hold in the space to copy-paste your email in but this is a terrible bug(?).
Scary to use.. anything pops up from anywhere
Android user. Unable to join the wait-list. The keyboard pops up then immediately disappears.
Excellent
The app has not been activated by the developer. Yet you keep releasing updates. Why?
On a waiting list for this app? What a joke
"The app doesn't open immediately when I open it on my tablet. I can only see the sky photo and I have to drag my fingers left and right, tap on the screen to finally see the 'what's next' screen. Please fix it."
Expecting this to take off. Glad to get an early look. Snappy performance.
This is third class. I can't create account in it. I downloaded this because I heared that it is competing twitter but it can not compete even tiktok. Fake ...!
Just beat Twitter!
I have to get on a waiting list for this app but the waiting list doesn't work.
Can someone send me and invite code?
Been waiting for an invite and still if u want his to be better than Twitter start doing right by ur base
"Pointless. It just freezes then crashes every time and I haven't even got to the invite social page yet, which is weird in of itself."
"It sucks,too slow and it keeps loggin me out. Now i can't login with my original password."
I need a landscape mode please and something akin to tags so I kind find like-minded people and topics of interest to me.
So far pretty impressed with this Twitter Alternative that everyone talks about.
I entered the app and it didn't work
Twitter without the fake british guy.
"Been waiting for the invite code, I've requested for more than 6 times now but nothing. Im still waiting, please send me the code"
Horrible. Keyboard pops up and then disappeared. Useless.
people are review bombing this because they're mad but it's a ton of fun. it's still in beta so it's rough around the edges but there is no app with a better userbase than this. now if only the devs gave more invite codes
Fake app and wrost app don't west your deta in this app froad app
"I have an invite code and am trying to sign up, but when I open the app, it just shows a literal blue sky. Nothing else. It's completely blank. I don't want my invite to expire and want to create an account, but there's apparently no way I can. I will change my review if this is fixed."
Cant even apply for beta as it closes the keyboard on a poco f3
Best Tools
Worst app
Video preview doesn't show up when posting youtube links.
When I will get my invitation code? 🤷. Till that time I am sticking on 1 star review.
"Sorry, bad app installation experience. Cannot install it on Samsung. Will try again when this becomes seamless. Cannot just install it by using workarounds."
The same waitlist keyboard problem as with many others. Apparently problem has persisted for weeks and nothing's done...

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
