Such a great app for boosting your knowledge...
Nice app
Interesting app
â˜ºï¸
Legit informations
Amazing Platform
Good
Exceptional
Good
Great app. You'll always have to deal with tossers even in real life!
Nice
Entertainment for fun...
Perfectly adequate.
â¤ï¸ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
Good App
Good experience
Great app ðŸ‘Œ
Awesome app
"Really comprehensive and honorable, but it's limited space for captions and comments not desirable"
Nice application to tweet..
Good for business
"I am following more than 50 person . I activated notification , so when they post or retweets I got notification . But when they retweet I can't able to see what they post .. how can I see that retweeted post , plz reply twitter."
Love
I am fen to the aap
time to cause chaos >:)
It randomly signs me out and does not recognize me
More efficient
What was this helpful
"The best social app to share your thoughts, please develop a voice note feature with in the inbox section."
I love this app!
I get alot of information and knowledge
Awesome Twitter been super cool.
The best in social media
Why you block account be brave freedom off ðŸ˜’ speech is the right of every person in your dp sparrows but when morning ðŸŒ„ she is chereping for the names of God world is so beautiful the open account for real person bot don't ban i feel proud when i write something for people or my country thanks
I will give 5 stars it's very cool
"Good app, connecting the world in a 360 degree"
Koooool
"Exploring Twitter for a week after being kicked off Facebook again for numerous stupidly false blames. Seems like it is even more fun here, while it seems to be even more time wasting. Discussion threads fell somehow unnatural after Facebook, this is -1 star. But, well, nice alternative for Facebook, +1 star. FIVE STARS! You guys did it!"
Decent app.
Updated app is good
Very good
à¦¨à¦¾à¦‡à¦›
Valoi
ðŸ¥°ðŸ¤©ðŸ¥°
Gives you updates on anything happening around the world when ever you want and you can find things that you like and much much more.If you haven't downloaded it do it now or your missing out on a different world.
ðŸ˜´ðŸ˜´
Authentic app it is
Good
Nice and good social net work and use full all people good
The best social media i know

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
