Not working on my galaxy note 10+ :(
It's easy to use
Wonderful!
A must!!!
Love it! No issues for me! Thank you President Trump for a great app!
Free Speech
"I finally managed to set up an account, but I can't share some things from other sites. Otherwise, I give it a good rating."
Excellent. No more getting posts flagged like Fakebook.
"Cross between facebook and twitter, but better. Easy and fun to use like gab."
Go TRUMP go
Good app. Runs smooth and a nice place for free speech.
Great app! Created by the best President!
I love I can express my appreciation for the day
Excellent
Best Social app ever!!!
Perfect app. Future looks bright!
I am So happy to finally be on Truth Social. I had to get a smartphone to do it. It was much easier than I thought.
"Great ap, best president."
Best app ever
Free speech is always great
Love this
I love this app I get all information I need without relying on mainstream media it's great and I get the best information from the military veterans they know best😊
Awesome
Does anyone else have a hard time getting the app to open?
I have no bad things to say. Great app.
Delightful
"Not a bad interface. Clean, smooth, simple. As an app developer and owner of my own Social media platform, I can tell you that for a young app, this is a well made program. It will get bigger as it catches on. I like that it isn't all politics. I do like that there's not many liberals on it. Funny, there's no arguing on here."
Thankful for app
Love it Blessed I get to Follow our President Donald Trump ☺ thank you ☺
This is a great app
Nothing better than free open speech
Best app for Freedom of Speech also it has Our real President that the people elected on it. Thank you President Trump & the whole Truth Social Team. 👏
Great platform. Just needs time to grow and evolve
If you dont want admins banning you for your rightful opinion. This is the app for you
"Easy to use, no sensoring, no stripping of 1st Amendment Rights. Nice and easy to use."
Awesome!
I love it when Google decides to allow me to use the app. Amazing how much the big tech companies are allowed to control with zero accountability for their actions. Must be nice
"I love this free speech app, it's the best.."
Drop Facebook...
So far I like it. No problems yet. I enjoy posting and sharing on the platform. It was way more complicated to try to sign up on the computer but pretty easy through the app.
"Banned all over after existing in shadow ban. Less than 1 year on Truth Social, and I have over 15K followers. THE TRUTH MATTERS."
Better than Fakebook and Twatter! No censoring! Free speech wins on Truth Social!
Best social media site
Trump 2024
Love this app best designs and I give it a five star 🌟 trump 2024
Great app
Awesome! 👍

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
