For Elon Musk
Very nice and interested app i really enjoy it.
Just rejoined Thank you Elon...
Thank you Elon!
Love to tweet
Very fruitful App.......it helps us to be updated from whatever happening around world......it helps us to keep in touch with many others also.......
Love it
Elon Musk brought back Twitter.
🙂
Very useful application. I should help to reform new world order.
I just love twitter
Elon Musk GFYS liberal
I am just learning to be a twit. It will be fun.
Cool cool cool.
excellent
"Spam bots are down. More people joining, Twitter is just all around better now."
It is so easy to use. Great
The best app i very loved
"Love this app on it all the time. An edit button would be nice, but still."
This is the best social app
Glad it was bought out. New times!!
Nice app
Good
It's dope
The best app
Great
Good app for free speech
Gr8
Keeping up is a challenge. With Elon it's also fun. Congratulations on the successful purchase of Twitter + good luck with your noble plans to improve it.
LOVE KUMAR BOSAK
nice
Much better experience since chaning of guard..
Good
enjoyable
Elon in control. Twitter now decent.
WOW!!! I'm newbie to the app and I'm Genx. Can't believe the amount of entertainment and knowledge I've discovered with this app. Thanks Elon Musk!!!
Excellent.
"The app is really good for me to used , that's why I gave them four (4) stars , I do get vital information about things happening round the world and also things around me."
Amazing
"$8 for a verification is a low price, Raise it to $30"
A lot of fun and a great place to find breaking news.
Good to read what others are thinking...
We have fun 😊
I recently discovered Twitter as one of the interesting social media handle
Great experience
NOW THAT ELON MUSK can GET RID OF THE WOKE BS REICH and the platform can actually NO LONGER BE BIAS---I LOVE Twitter!
I can voice my opinion and share my views without nazis trying to punish me. Elon laid the smack down on their pansey a**es!
It's getting better and better! Go Elon!
5-Star because Elon...
Thanks so much

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
