"Friendly and supportive community. Very well moderated space; can't be beaten for data privacy. No ads, no bots, no spam; no toxicity! I'm glad I signed up."
Easy to navigate app love the swipe through screens and beat of all great social community awaits.
"Finally, a social platform that doesn't make me grit my teeth!"
"The app is good for most users, and is easy enough to learn once you have an understanding of how the desktop version works. There is a little bit of a learning curve as compared to Twitter, but it's worth it. Just be patient, since there are occasional growing pains associated with their massive growth."
"Wonderful social media site. No ads, trolls are almost non existent. It's everything I wished other big sites could have created before greed took over."
"Great experience, no ads, smooth operation, love it"
"Well worth the effort. Particularly impressed by the skill and tenacity with which the owner and only tech dealt with a horrific, sustained 3-day DoS attack occurring just when there was a major influx of new people. People there are friendly and considerate and notably absent is the insidious toxicity that a lot of us fled"
"Great people and well run platform, top notch app !"
"Great app. Allows me to keep up with posts when I'm not on computer. The platform has had major growth over the past few days, weeks, months. Probably because it's a great platform with real people and real conversations. Open communications on updates."
"Easy to use, love it."
"No ads, no algorithms."
"I have been on Coso for a few years and have used different apps to access Coso via my android phone. I love the app Jester created and it is a streamlined version of the full browser version. Remember that at present Coso is a one man endeavour to show how Cyber communities can be. 102,000 accounts in 5 years and still growing."
"Fantastic community, friendly, real people. Bots are blocked, they ban abusive people as well. Its like Twitter without fighting nonstop and harassment from sock puppet accounts. Really have to try it to see the difference. It's amazing"
Fantastic and welcoming community. A refreshing and cozy vibe. There are no ads nor bots - highly recommend
LOVE IT.
"Very nicely designed, bug free App to keep you plugged into the best social media site on the Net. It's ""drop dead easy"" to use. Follow multiple feeds - the Community, Friends, and your personal notifications and direct messages. You can easily block or mute users (not that you'll need to), create lists, edit your profile, and access other preferences. This App does everything you'll need."
"Great place, great people. If you're an a-hole go to Parler or Truth"
"Counter.social is what other SocMed apps fail to be - both a platform for free discussion and a bot-free, hate-free, troll-free, ad-free zone. And it's done without harvesting the user's personal information. While other SocMed apps are losing users by the thousands or demanding everything but your fingerprints, CoSo is growing at an astonishing rate. Whatever your interests, you can find kindred spirits who offer a warm welcome. I know this sounds like an ad. Really, it's not. 😇"
Best social media platfform out there by a mile.No bots or trolls tolerated.Smashing community to engage with.
"This app is full of quality content, real interactive users and less negativity. I am so glad I found it. It's my go to now."
"Switch from Twitter has been a DREAM! Existing CoSonauts welcoming and with a user guide to help get started, #help and @CoSoTips resources, and ""Ostrich Mode"" to turn off sometimes confusing features for noobs, all the tools to get started and feel at home quickly. Fast growth and some DoS attacks mean a little downtime, but resolves quickly. No ads. No private info to get started. Trolls are red-carded immediately! A great experience in the face of Twexit and Elonaggedon! 😉"
"Straightforward app that is easy to navigate. Not quite as good as the desktop experience, but I feel that way about most apps. Please note that the recent DoS attacks on CoSo should in no way reflect on this app. Highly recommend!"
"No bots, enjoyable interactions! No BS!"
"Been on CoSo for several months now. It takes a bit of time to learn all of the features, but there's a lot of support that makes it much easier. No ads, no hate screeching, no algorithm supporting large accounts over small, plus many other positives. Sometimes it's a little glitchy due to fast growth, etc., but CoSo still gets 5 stars because it's so far superior to the Bird/other sites that exist to grab personal info for profit & promote dissention. Terrific community!"
"I've been on for over a week. I am still an active bluebird user, but the difference is easy to see. Coso is going through some growing pains, but that is to be expected. I enjoy the site and the people I've met. No ads! No abuse!"
Great app to migrate to since Twitter seems to have a hellscape bug. CoSo is simple to use and very reliable. Now if Elon can just back off.
"Amazing app. So much calmer than angry bots on Twitter. No ads, no bots, no trolls, no promotions, no spam. Love it"
"Good enough for on the go but the best experience is on browser from a PC. Kind and helpful community, zero ads, zero algorithm silliness, and trolls/spammers get the boot in a hurry. The site and app are definitely having some growing pains with this Musk business, but it's expected and should be resolved in time. If you have problems, give it some time and try again. Spooling up capacity on a crowd-funded site isn't fast or cheap."
"A very cool, chill social media platform"
"Excellent and engaged community. App has fewer features than desktop (as one would expect on mobile) but still works very well. No ads, no algorithms, no tracking. Two thumbs up!"
"The interaction with others is mostly positive. No advertisements. A more responsible, respectful, and informative environment with a mish mash of people. No gathering of your private information for marketing like other social media apps out there."
Awesomeness
"Left the blue bird and never looked back! This app is a big step up. They have been weathering a DOS attack for days with hardly a hitch. Great format, no trolls, no screaming, no name calling. Lots of great people sharing views, art, pets, music, etc. No ads, no hate. I'm home."
"CoSo takes social media to higher level! The atmosphere there is absolutely amazing. Those complaining about the app, its not the app. The site is experiencing an influx of new users. Be patient, keep trying. Once you experience it, you will wish you had found it sooner. No hate, no bots, no arguments, no disinformation. Just a diverse, friendly, interesting community interacting having good conversations about everything."
Loving the app. I joined earlier this year when news of the bird app purchase was first known. Great vibe and features. Jester has worked hard to counter repeated DDoS attacks and huge influxes of users which have led to down times here and there. Hope people ride out those times and give it a real chance. I think they'll like it once they get used to it. User funded with no ads.
Looking for a less stressful social media application after the bird got caged and although I'll admit still learning the location of everything I haven't met one person yet that wasn't nice or willing to cut the new guy some slack definitely a good app.
I love counter.social because it's where the empathetic and kind hearted people go to be seen and heard in a friendly community of like minded people
"Friendly bunch of CoSoNauts (brand new member welcomed 10/29/22), & actually *social* & welcoming, compared to the hostile attacking environment that birdland has become! Wasn't totally intuitive to me at first & some temp glitches because of the great migration (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars).... took a day or two to figure it out , but then a great place to be!!"
"CoSo is probably the most relaxing social media I've ever joined. The creator is heavily involved, the community is welcoming, and there are a bunch of amazing features. I've been there for 18mths now with varying degrees of activity and it's where I go to just breathe. No bots, no trolls, no spam."
"1. It's not Twitter 2. Jester isn't Elon Musk 3. No racism, idiots, and a real feel good environment. Going through growing pains at present, but support is waaaay better than other social media sites."
Hands down the best social media app/website. Entirely crowd funded with TONS of people using it. This is the platform to beat.
It is incredible how much better things are outside of algorithmic placement and ads.
"Didn't think I'd like it. I really like it. Takes time to get used to, but so did Twitter at first for me. 5 star. Check it out"
"Easy to use, friendly, no trolls!"
"The app works well and is intuitive enough. Features are expanding and improving. Any recent problems can be attributed to DDoS attacks and/or growing pains. CoSo is a user focused, ad-free, and security/privacy minded. 😁👍"
Moved from Twitter to CS. So far the transition has been good. It's super buggy I'm guessing from all the folks moving over as well. I really miss posting gifs so hopefully there will be an update soon!
"The app has more features than 🐦 and the service isn't hard to adapt to. I love that there are no ads, bots, fake news, etc. Very welcoming place!"
"Great alternative to Twitter, the app is easy to use and stable."
"I love it. It's the most laid back, free of hate place I've been online. So many different folk in one place and zero tolerance for hate. There have been some growing pains with the huge influx of folks abandoning the musky bird app (myself included) and the site has been under a DoS attack. Best part is, there is no personal info to sell or hack because the only info I was asked for? My email (which I used a throwaway one because I was nervous). 🃏does a great job with his 1 man show."
Better than Twitter for sure.

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
