"CounterSocial is, by far, the best social media app I've ever used. There are no bots, no ads, no algorithms, and there's a zero tolerance troll policy. The app is very user friendly. The CoSo community is welcoming, supportive, & helpful. It is truly a breath of fresh air. Move over, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, & Mastodon. CounterSocial for the win!"
"Update: app is working fine now. Easy to use. The app hangs on loading page when launching. I uninstalled a few times but still have issues. The desktop version is fine, but I'd really like to use the app."
"Really friendly place. No ads, no algorithmic rage-farming. Highly recommended."
"Counter Social is the best social media experience I have ever had. So good to know I am interacting with real people, NO ADS and NO BOTS, in an environment with a zero tolerance approach to bad actors. I can not recommend it highly enough! The app is easy to navigate with all the features you need. It's also worth noting that ALL of your data is kept private. None is sold to 3rd parties. Edit: Ignore the bad reviews. Mostly from banned accounts with a grudge who didn't know how to behave?"
"A FREE Robust Customizable dashboard that provides a fun social experience. Best part is that there are no competitive algorithms, no ads, no bots and most importantly no hate! The community is well self-regulated and abusive behavior is not tolerated. Its my new social home"
"Inovative features and an amazing community! No ads, no bots, no trolls. This app is setting the standard for what social media should be."
I've been using CounterSocial on the phone for a few months. It's a useful complement to the superior web interface and very handy when you're trying to kill some time while waiting for somebody or something. Only bug at the moment is that uploading pictures from the phone or a GIF from the extended keyboard doesn't work.
"Moved from Twitter. Was initially discombobulated, but now I love it. The experience is better than my Mastodon experience and the privacy statement is waaaaaay better than Tribel."
very happy over at Counter Social. Great site!!! People need to stop comparing it to twitter. It's NOT twitter. Its fun and looking forward to the realms part next!!
"Great app, fantastic service! Love that there aren't any bots, no foreign influence campaigns, and the content is well-moderated. When you're there, you feel welcome."
"I can think of no one better to run a secure site other than @th3j35t3r. I've done my research; hands down & thumbs up for an awesome, secure, respectful, zero tolerance for anything negative or hateful, SM site. Thanks J!"

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
