The app is a little barebones but it's functional and fluid. I prefer it over using the mobile website.
Really good alternative of Twitter
connect all communities in one immediately and you are the number one on the globe
Where's the fediverse...
"So far, so good!!"
No ads. Much easier to use than counterhyped.
"Not a review, a question. Is this available to download to my PC?"
loved it
"I was kicked out of Twitter for saying ""death to dictatorship"" , I hope this app will not use such dumb algorithms"
It's fine
Not sure why people are still on Twitter. I'm more than happy to donate $8 a month to my server.
"Great app, need bug fixes. Good luck devs."
Never used Twitter much anyway but this app seems interesting so far. Fairly confusing and needs some work but has potential.
Love what they are doing
Sign up was not too difficult and I really like the way servers are organized. It is a huge improvement on Twitter and other similar social networks.
Good
wonderful. add please time sheduled posting
"If you already have an account, it can be confusing to get started. Select log-in, and then when asked to pick a community, you want to enter your existing server (ex.: Dice.camp). You can then log in. Don't select a random server! Mastodon needs to be more clear on their language. I prefer the desktop app, but it's nice to have this on my phone so I can check notifs or browse. Looking forward to continued updates."
Twitter should hire the engineers from you guys to reach same level of UI and smoothness in android.
"I mean amazing app, yeah! Basically I was trying to like yk make a couple of accounts but like I was using like a different email. I forgot the 99 at the end so now I'm trying to get off the 'One last thing' page. I'm trying to like yk, close the app, close the tab, and then go back on but it aint working. Maybe a back button."
"I feel like I gotta balance out all those one star reviews from the impatient people who don't understand the inevitable hitches that will occur when a system experiences such a sudden and massive boost in users. I arrived a few days after the big rush, and had a smooth sign up experience."
First time going to use it....hope it is good..
😍😍😍😍
"Loving the UI. I guess I missed all the new user surge drama! The app works fabulously for me. Signup was quick, easy and painless."
Better than bird app ;)
cadê a dm?editar postagem? e pq CARALHOS O VCS NÃO NOTIFICAM QUEM ME SEGUE O ÓDIO MELHOREM
"Can't sign in, button takes me to the new user page. Can't wait to try it once it's fixed"
"So far so good. Missing a few features as others have said, but pretty solid otherwise."
Fast use nice apps ❣️❣️
This is what Twitter should have been.
Getting a confirmation email is server dependant. I guess many servers do this manually??? The app is in pretty early stages. Definitely can be prettier but it's a really cool idea. I hope it takes off.
Very cool
Great app! Really enjoying this alternative to the bird app.
"Once you're used to how it works, it's great!"
The app is overall awesome. Me and my twt moots are having fun there. Maybe you can add some more features. For example a dm and gc feature would be a good addon. Love the app btw <3
"Could use some features, such as the ability to mute for a time period (other apps have this), but definitely the best looking app for Android, and I've had no issues with it."
Came here from NDTV post about Twitter.. Really this one is better than Twitter...
"At first I couldn't log in using the app. I made my account through their website and I can't use the account I made in the app. This should be intuitive. But when I try to log in, I'm asked to create a new account. Welp, I just needed to be mindful of the server I joined."
better than Twitter....
"It's Twitter, but good"
Needs more people on this platform
This app has been incredibly unreliable so far. Getting lots of loading errors. Hope they can improve things if it's going to be a viable alternative to the hellscape. Update: Seems to be doing better!
I ask you to put a layout size option within the app...
Most negative reviews here seem to be more to do with not being able to join a server rather than the app itself.
Feedback this app needs update for about when you sign in you have to choose a random server that u don't really know about
Needs more detailed error messages that say a bit more than 403 in a toast message. Found out that the site I was signing up for has closed registrations.
"Loving Mastodon and this is an ok Mastodon client, although looking forward to some features/fixes coming soon. The features that I want most are Bookmarks and Lists, and my UI annoyance is that content warnings scale to the vertical size of the underlying content which means lots of white space and unnecessary scrolling. Last updated in July which is a long time ago, but Tusky seems like a pretty good Android option so am giving that a go.."
Mastodon is interestig social network. App should be emproved.
Nice alternative. More of a tool to follow a close knitted group.
Super

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
