"Edit: Changing review from 1 star to 4 because I got in to the app and I'm liking it! It's slow to respond sometimes but I think there's a lot of potential here. Put me down as an android user who can't sign up. Didn't get a confirmation code when I tried to create an account and then got locked out when I tried to request a new code email. Shame, heard good things."
"Has good potential that I am excited about. Definitely needs some fine tuning, on Android especially. Can't do photo gallery access for pfp, banner or posts BUT the devs are actively working on stuff and keeping us updated."
it works on android lol
"such a cute app, combining tumblr, Twitter and Instagram in one 💕 thank you for this!"
"I still can't use it due to server down for now, but I've managed to make an account. The aesthetic is really my taste and the app is really simple and easy to use! Can't wait to explore it more ♡"
"very neat, cant wait for future updates"
I like that this app isn't all musky
Kinda laggy but im sure that can be fixed. App seems good and easy to understand.
Solid app with a great layout
Let's all do this instead of the other thing. I don't like greedy megalomaniacs
"this app is actually good! it's just like twitter where you can interact with friends. but the other problem is, the app is lagging everytime i launch it and i hope that will be fixed and also it would be better if you will add a pinned post feature."
"I like the app so far, I'm sure they were surprised by the sudden flood so I understand that their servers are overloaded right now. Hopefully we get some key features soon (2FA, ability to mute reposts, donations to help support, web portal, external browser link clicks)."
"Finally got in.. But i wish there would be an option to play music from you phone playlist for those who dont have Spotify nor Apple Music.. But other then that, its a great app"
this app is so cute and will be so much better than the bird app if it is going to be developed more! looking forward to it! ⭐
This app is so cute. It's just at this moment it works slower. Maybe because a lot of people is signing up because of the controversy that Twitter will shutdown. I understand it because you said there's only 2 of you working on this. But this is good too when it's working hahaha.
"Honestly, this isn't a bad alternative. It's basically a mish mash of other social media apps with some added features even. Once the music option gets added and expanded (I wonder if copyright will severely limit that selection at the start), I can see it carving a space out for itself in the near future. Impressive that this was built by just two people!"
changed my review after seeing that the app was just down so can't create an account before and knowing when there's just 2 people handling this app. it have so many things that i prefer over twtr specially the music one. still updating for android so i'm excited for it. app still has so many rooms for imprvment and i'm so looking forward for other future updates. fighting~
Excellent
I can't make an account please help 😭
"The app is like if all the huge brand socials like Twitter, Instagram, curioscat , etc. had a beautiful Badu that is on the path to dethrone the other apps. I wish there was a way to add multiple accounts but that is a minor issue and I have been loving my time with the app even though I just started learning it."
"Is it possible to animate the buttons when you like, or repost something? 🤔"
"good so far you should definitely add a ""pin to profile"" and a ""turn on notification for this account"" so that everytime they post i get a notification!!! hope you take it into consideration :) i hope you also let us access to multiple accounts instead of one"
"Runs pretty slowly and lags my whole phone lol. Choosing images is annoying also, maybe browse option like twitter would be great instead of instagram-like images browsing. I don't like looking for something in a half-screen and the other half is just a dumb pic view that you clicked."
"It's quite awesome and wholesome community as of now, still need some fine tunning on the app tho. But all in all, good at all aspects. 👌"
"If there was a way I could give it a 10 stars rate I would have because this is must be THE BEST social media app I've ever came across!! The vibes, colours, and everything makes me wanna never leave this app. So yeaah totally recommended!!💛🐝✨️"
"Great app, i love it😩 you just need one app for everything you need on social media"
Very excited to see how this grows !
ang ganda 🥺
It's a tad slow but I'm going to assume it's that way because of the sudden internet traffic it's getting.
"a little slow so far but shows a lot of promise! my biggest concern at the moment is that filtering words does not work as it should. filtering words does not block out posts that contain those words (like on twitter), it shows you the same posts and removes the filtered words from it. it's been extremely difficult to curate the content i want to see in this state, so i hope this gets addressed."
"After getting their 1st massive moving wave -frm twt, the server is more stable now. But a lil bit laggy for viewing image. Over all I love the interface. I hope you guys keep your unique-cute interface. Keep going for really stable app💛 Ps: I can't wait for 'music' on hive 😍"
Has VeersWatch. Still no Veers though
Thank you for giving us an alternative! Can't wait to see the future developments of this app and hope it continues to grow
I got this because of curiosity. I better not be disappointed.
"Broken, but I really like what it's got. Give the devs time to fix, they got a lot of people coming in at the moment. Like the pictures are viewable like an Instagram feed, twitter really sucks at that."
Honnestly Pretty good for somthing made by 2 people. Plus they are aware of the bugs and are working on them
"So far, so good. Still working out how to navigate, but I'm liking what I've been able to do so far. My star sign is completely wrong, and I don't know how to change it."
It looks like if Twitter and 2016 Instagram had a baby and I love it. ❤️
I liked its design a lot but it lacks optimization many times I get that 'the app does not work'
"Update: Issues resolved now, app seems nice. --- ""We have blocked all requests from this device due to unusual activity. Try again later."" Guess I won't be able to validate my email because it isn't sending the email and Resend code just shows that error. The error appeared on the first press of ""Resend code"" so it wasn't like I spammed it. Retrying on another device says my email is already registered so now it seems the account is in limbo. Maybe i'll retry later."
"Good bones, still needs some work, but the promise is more than there."
A fresh start and mostly no bots
"Definitely needs work, but I'm hopeful this becomes the new Twitter. Seeing as how a certain oligarchical sociopath threw a hissy fit and basically ruined it for everyone. Needs a lot more android support, but I suspect things will pick up in the coming months."
"This app has a blend of some of the most popular social media apps out there. True vanguard on YouTube recommended it and I really like it. I want to give it 5 stars but there are a couple issues. For one, there doesn't appear to be a way to blow up images that users post. Either I don't know how to, or there isn't a way to tap on an image and full screen it. For two, sometimes it takes several taps to like a post. This is an annoyance that I'm certain will be fixed in the future."
"Bagus banget penting buat yumejoshi refugees butuh tempat aman, sehingga oc x canon bisa aman, aku mau mencoba beda dari Twitter."
Well not so bad . Could be better.
Okay so the app has some bugs bug the team clearly cares and is working on them. Will come back to 5 star once things are a bit smoother. Honestly really love the vision and am impressed with the team's commitment to make it a good user experience.
Very promising Twitter replacement -- it's a little slow right now but the interface and design are great. Excited to see where it goes.
I love this app
"Take what I say with a grain of salt, as this is a 2 person team that got suddenly FLOODED with new users in the past week. TL;DR: Support this platform if you want them to succeed! They have a lot if work to do to get it where many people want it. Visually, this like Twitter and Insta had a love child. There are some slow load times, and you may be booted off periodically. Accessibility is lacking for some features, like ALT texts and browser capability for those who cant use phones."

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
