I suggest to enable in-app update in decentralized software
Better than twitter
Love it. Thanks guy. Lets all blast off on a rocket away from Musk. Bit of a learning curve and I'm sure theres gonna be updates to polish it off put works bril
"I enjoy it, that's a great App i like it Just keep going"
I be doing the most for louis tomlinson
Very nice through desktop* column pin away☕📰📡🖥️ .. app beta zone..still gg. 👍😎🪴✅
Very reliable and Nyc experience with this app
"Mastodon is a great service doing good for the world. The app could use some improvements in UX and especially on the onboarding experience for new users. There's a long way to go, but, luckily there's a strong foundation to build off of"
"I am very new to Mastodon, but it has been amazing so far! Once you add your accounts for each server it is easy to use and doesn't take away from the community feeling that social media has. It was a great idea to make a platform that isn't solely run by one person or company. If you are looking to get away from the Elon Musk version of Twitter, Mastodon is definitely a good option!"
Better than Twitter!
Works pretty well now that I can have multiple accounts set up. There are a few features still missing like bookmarking a post and approving followers.
"Please keep in mind that this app has suddenly, significantly, increased it's userbase in the last few days. Admins and servers are most probably (slightly) overwhelmed by the increase in demand. Please be patient and I'm sure there will be a new version soon and any major bug fixes solved and the volume of new logins tapers off."
Gd
"Good social media app, enjoying it so far"
Great app - perfect alternative to Twitter.
Super alternative to twitter love it♥️
Great so far. Clean interface
Goat
change this app to exactly the same like Twitter otherwise just forgot about your success
Peace my flower children
What i like about this app is it doesn't forced you to input a phone number. Unlike Twitter.
It works if you're not dumb.
Sooooo much better than twitter
Mastodon an excellent name pick. But if they can somehow combined CounterSocial?
Refreshing. Bear with. It's going to be great.
"App feels great, it's great to have a good open source and open protocol social networking app"
Room for improvement but this is a really great place for my social needs
At least Mastodon doesn't have a delusional CEO that can't do finances or math.
Sin duda la mejor opción a Twitter sin tanto bots y haters
"Rețea socială, descentralizată, alternativă excelentă la Twitter și Facebook."
"It works fine as a mobile client for Mastodon. My one gripe is that when someone mentions me, I get repeated notifications every two minutes or so. That's one of two notifications I'd like to get (but once is enough). So I guess I'll have to turn that off for now until there's an update."
Ok
Good
"Seems to work okay, still evaluating."
Patience is a virtue. Lots of reviewers on here just to criticise. It's a new platform hosted on multiple servers and thanks to birdsite lots of people are flying the nest. Its struggling to cope until more servers come online. The birdsite was the same but some are too young to remember.
Like the social media but I prefer uhive
"i liked the aesthetic of the app but it should have a option to change your username, like please ."
Social media the way it used to be. Love the app. It takes a little to understand but when you do... 5 stars
Love the community
"Very good platform, if anyone find difficult to open a new account just saw a YouTube video how to open new account."
The potential is there but it's still growing.
So far pretty good
"Bit of a learning curve and very dorky but lots of fun and 100 times less toxic that ""the other place"""
"Yay for accessing the #fediverse! This app is a great basic intro to the experience. Heads up: If you are experiencing lag, it's not the app! Your server is managed by one person or a small team, doing it for free, and Mastodon is surging in popularity right now. Consider donating to their patreon so they can afford to improve the server!"
Great service but the android client isn't that good. I recommend you create an account with this app or the website and the use Tusky on android.
Tons better than Twitter. End of Twitter is near because of clown Musk.
Correction it does work: probably due to high demand I should've been more patient. Happy person I am🥰🥰🥰
Love this app so much more than twitter.
The best social media...
"Just for the people that are one starring this: ""Welcome to FOSS"""

Identify and summarize the most significant event raised by this set of reviews extracted from mobile app repositories.
